Bump up the order to highlight the importance of sample asset (#9724)
o3de/o3de: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_template.md

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is. Try to isolate the issue to help the community to reproduce it easily and increase chances for a fast fix.

**Assets required**

> [!Important!] Please provide sample assets needed to reproduce the issue as much as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!Important!] Please provide sample assets needed to reproduce the issue, either as an [attachment](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/attaching-files) or as a link to a public asset in Github.

```
